<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="radiator_task_replacement">
    <title>radiator-task-replacement</title>
    <shortdesc>Replacing the radiator</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This task describes the task of replacing a car's radiator.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Drain the old radiator <xref href="radiator_task_draining.dita">following these
                        instructions</xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Disconnect the radiator. Loosen the hose clamps and remove the hoses.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If the car's radiator has a transmission fluid cooler built in, disconnect the
                    transmission line. Collect any transmission fluid and properly dispose.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove all  harness connections for the electrical wiring. Disconnect the fan
                    motor's electrical connector and any other electrical connections.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Disconnect the air conditioner condenser.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the bolts from the mounting brackets.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once it has been completely disconnected, remove the radiator from the
                    car.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Dissamble the old radiator. Remove transferable parts like the fan shroud
                    assembly and brackets before recycling the radiator.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Begin to install the new radiator. Connect any transferable parts to the new
                    radiator.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Insert the radiator into the car. Be careful not to bend the fins of the
                    radiator.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect the mounting brackets.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Secure the air conditioning condensor.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Plug in any wiring harnesses.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect the transmission coolant lines.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect the upper and lower hoses to the coolant reservoir. Slide the hoses
                    onto their fittings, using channel locks to move the clamps into place.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill the radiator <xref href="radiator_task_refilling.dita">following these
                        instructions</xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
