<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="radiator_task_draining">
    <title>radiator-task-draining</title>
    <shortdesc>Draining coolant from a radiator</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This task describes how to drain antifreeze coolant from a radiator. Make sure the
                engine has completely cooled before beginning this task.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open the car's hood and find the antifreeze reservoir. Turn the radiator fill
                    cap until it hisses, wait until the hissing stops, and remove the cap.</cmd>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>The radiator cap is removed.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place a drain pan or other large container under the drain valve (or
                    "petcock").</cmd>
                <info>Some radiators may drain from a radiator hose rather than a valve.</info>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>The drain pan is properly situated to collect the radiator's used
                        coolant.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Loosen the radiator's valve to begin to drain the coolant. Allow the coolant
                    to drain completely.</cmd>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>The coolant is drained completely from the radiator and the antifreeze reservoir.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Close the radiator valve.</cmd>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>The radiator value is closed snugly and the radiator is ready to be flushed.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Properly dispose of the old coolant.</cmd>
                <info>
                    Coolant can be disposed at a <xref
                    href="https://www.google.com/search?q=hazardous+waste+disposal+near+me"
                    format="html" scope="external">local hazardous waste site</xref>.
                </info>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>The radiator draining process is complete.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
